# OSGeo Nepal Monthly Meet - January 3, 2024

- **Facilitator:** Deepak Pradhan (Varun)
- **Attendees:** Approx 13

## Agendas

1. **Choose Note-taking Volunteer for the Meeting**
   
2. **Recap Action Items from Previous Meeting**

3. **Logo Update:**
   - Gaurav

4. **WG Heads to Give Update:**
   - Kshitij: Engineering Working Group 

5. **Update on Nepali Fonts' Contribution:**
   - [Nepali Fonts Contribution Link](https://github.com/wipfli/maplibre-precomposed-i18n/)
   - Now it solves the space problem and can be used with MapLibre native.
   - [Example Link](https://wipfli.github.io/maplibre-precomposed-i18n/examples/global/#map=11.92/27.70187/85.25517&language=ne)

6. **Update on Starting to Contribute on Issues:**
   - [Contribution Link](https://github.com/osgeonepal/RollingConvo)
   - First phase of issues are ready.
   - Small informal Discord meet about how to get started. (Video recording may be available, check Discord #engineering channel)

7. **Future Plans:**
   - Grab more contributions on rolling doc, migrate it completely, and start contribution on a coding party.
   - Create a checklist for maintaining open-source repo with guidelines.

8. **Migrated Repositories for Maintenance:**
   - [GeoTile](https://github.com/osgeonepal/raster-tile-server): Python library for tiling geographic raster data (e.g., Tiff, etc.)
   - OSM Localizer (Pending): Aadesh
   - OSMSG (Pending): Kshitij
   - OSMGPT (Pending): Rohit

9. **Aadesh: Coding Party**
   - Started a thread in Discord for the repo to work on and with relevant issues.
   - You can start contributing.

10. **Lalit: Training and Sharing Update by Tek Kshetri**
    - Collaboration with NGES (Nepal Geomatics Engineering Students Society).
    
11. **Data Access:**
    - Maybe? Shristi
    
12. **Select Social Media Coordinator & Give Access to All Social Media**
    
13. **Collaborations:**
    - We have collaboration with NGESS and currently collaborating with Geoseries talk.
    
14. **Board Update:**
    - Our registration proposal has been moved to GitHub Todo issues.
    - [Board Todo Issues Link](https://git.osgeo.org/gitea/osgeo/todo/issues/162)

## Open Mic

1. **Duck DB: The Game Changer Disk Based Database - Kshitij**
2. **Discord Quick Walkthrough: Varun**

## Events & Opportunity

- **Geopython 2024 abstract submission:** Jan 15; Travel grant: Jan 31 - Tek

## Notes

- Render of Nepali font (MapLibre)
- Kshitij to give Aadesh access in Github
- Aadesh to coordinate coding party (Saturday 6th, 2024, 7-8 PM)
- Official recognition from OSGEO, space for website hosting, and fund support
- Kshitij and Aadesh to manage engineering contributions for next month
- Tek and Varun to contribute and compile standards to adopt in OSGEO NEPAL
- Pratikchya to take initiative in collaboration and handle queries raised in training and collaboration along with 
  Lalit and Tek
- Shristi and Nishon to start with data access working group and start an action plan
- Varun to handle social media posts, Communication Lead
- **Next month facilitator:** Rohit
- **Note-taking volunteer:** Ayush Adhikari
