# OSGeo Nepal Monthly Meet - May 10, 2025

- **Facilitator:** Suraj 
- **Attendees:** Approx 10 members

## Previous Meeting Recap
  
- Recap from the previous meeting: 
- FOSS4G Auckland: Application support from OSGEO Nepal, Possibility for our community members
  - Two application cycles. Previously requested to apply for financial support.
- The Data Schema for Overture2hdx is released in a beta version. Review the datasets published for Nepal: 
  - Lalit was doing some work on this. Still, the parquet format needs to be added. Also, there was an issue regarding boundaries.  
- Domain name for the OSGeo Nepal website and SEO works. 
  - Was in discussion with the domain name provider.


## Agenda

1. Share domain updates with the team, and if additional responsibilities/tasks to do. 
   1. We have already set up the domain: info@osgeonepal.org
   2. This will be used to send emails. 
   3. Live at: osgeonepal.org
   4. Namserver is set up via Cloudflare.
   5. SMTP is set up for Kshitiz's email, and it supports 1000 emails per day. SMTP will directly send emails to the email address.
2. Stall at NEPGEOM KU?
   1. It is happening at the end of May.
   2. Suggested to have a booth at the event. 
3. Possible Committee Formation
4. OSGeo Nepal Website
   1. Register an organisation in Nepal in the context of OSGeo Nepal.
   2. Can be registered as a non-profit organisation in the district administration office. 33% female members are required. 
5. Website Updating and Cleanup
   1. Page cleanup is required in the main OSGeo page. 
6. During the open mic session:
   1. Tek presented on snow monitoring in GEE: https://github.com/iamtekson/tracking-snow-and-ice-in-gee
   2. open-source solution for snow monitoring: https://github.com/kshitijrajsharma/VirtuGhan, https://cogeo.org/, https://stac-extensions.github.io/; https://api.openeo.org/; https://developmentseed.org/projects/eoapi/
   3. Why use a datacube-based workflow? Why is cloud computing important?
7. Letter pad is also ready with simple design: https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/1193744797085749390/1363020987389710346/image.png?ex=68203337&is=681ee1b7&hm=8fd5dbb878bc349a7ce624b9dbff0818fdcef06b477e9312073dc3909e08b452&
   1. Available in the OSGeo Nepal drive.
   2. The recommendation letter has been shared with the FOSS4G application.
   


## Action Items

1. Aayush Chand: Overture2hdx need to add the parquet format. The data could be approximately 5 GB.  
2. Kshitiz: Check why the domain name is not working.
3. Kshitiz: Working on domain-related documentation.
4. Auyush: OSGeo Sticker needs to be printed. May 15 2025
5. Suraj: Coordinate with Nalina and Aayush for the booth and timing on the event presence. May 15 2025
6. Next, separate meeting discussion schedule on the committee formation and website updates.
7. Pratichhya: Clean up meeting minutes and share with the team.

## Open Mic

- Basic introduction to Parquet format. 

## Events

- CDSE User review meeting (LPS25): https://events.vito.be/UserReviewMeeting2025/register
- SOTM 2025: Philippines


## Discussion

- Discussed more on COG, cloud computing, and datacube-based workflow.
- Discussion on NGO registration and the process.

#### Next meeting facilitator: 

06/06/2025: Kshitij Raj Sharma
