# OSGeo Nepal Meeting - December 6, 2023

- **Facilitator:** Lalit BC
- **Attendees:** Approx. 30

## Action Items

1. Recap takeaways from the previous meeting (Rolling Doc and Meeting Format).
2. Choose a volunteer for time-keeping.
3. Note collection.

## Agenda

1. **Recap on GIS Day Event:**
   - Lessons learned and start a checklist for any event we organize.

2. **Time Management and Todo List:**
   - Kshitij.

3. **GIS Day Event Question Answers and Link Sharing:**
   - Q&A and Important Links [GIS Day Celebration 2023]: Tek.

4. **Launch of Idea Book:**
   - IDEA BOOK: GEO-INSIGHTS HUB - Idea sharing by everyone.

5. **Launch of Working Group:**
   - - Training and Knowledge Sharing —> Lalit
   - Geospatial Data Access and Licensing -> TBD
   - Engineering Working Group -> Kshitij

6. **Send Official Expression of Interest to OSGeo Board:**
   - Kshitij.

7. **OSGeo Nepal Open for Maintaining OpenSource Projects in Nepal:**
   - Push to the working group. OSM GPT - Rohit.

8. **Local Nepal Map Language in Map Libre:**
   - Brandon & Wipfil Leading Effort.
   - How we can support? [Contribution Link](https://github.com/wipfli/nepali-map-labels): Kshitij.
   - We will be reviewing the map labels displayed and provide feedback and seek if we can contribute: [Issue Link](https://github.com/osgeonepal/RollingConvo/issues/4)

9. **How Can We Contribute and Manage the Open Data System in Nepal?**
   - Data access working group? - Push to working group.

10. **One Day Hacking Day:**
    - Every month, let's say Coding Party. There will be music, come work, and go: Kshitij.

11. **Discord & Messenger as Primary Communication Channels?**
    - Working group might fit in Discord channels: Varun → Discord bots making and invitation.

12. **Start Collecting and Maintaining Open Source Tools on GitHub:**
    - Kshitij.

13. **Start Applying Grants for Physical Meetup of OSGeo Nepal:**
    - Target to set in 2024: Kshitij —---->

## Open Mic

1. **FOSS4G Asia Walkthrough and Updates on OSGeo Board (Logo and Visibility):**
   - Key point of contact Vicky and Jordy: Kshitij & Aadesh.

2. **OSM Localizer Maintenance from OSGeo Nepal:**
   - Aadesh.

## Events & Opportunity

- Are you a freelancer who contributes to open source, a member of OSGeo Nepal? Earn with OSGeo, We can provide the opportunity to help other people fund you! [Service Providers Link](https://www.osgeo.org/service-providers/): Kshitij.
- AI For Good Summit, Geneva Switzerland: [Summit Link](https://aiforgood.itu.int/summit23/) (Might be late for this year, something to grab next year?)
- Geoserver is hiring, interested?
- UN OCHA, Job Opportunities, Interested? Search for Data Engineer.

## Notes

- GIS Day reflections:
  - Event was successful, around 90 people attended.
  - Couldn't cover Q & A, all of them are tracked in the doc.
- Checklist todo things before organizing, engage more people.

### Idea Book Concept:

- Geo AI working group: Nishon.
- Gaurav bhai lead for OSGEO local.

### Working Group:

- Training and Knowledge Sharing —> Lalit BC.
- Geospatial Data Access and Licensing -> Push for the next meetup.
- Engineering Working Group -> Kshitij.

### Media Platform:

- Discord; Google group to be preferred for larger events.

- OSGEO NEPAL has gone under poll discussions of OSGEO November meeting.

### Monitoring and Leading Coding Party:

- Lead —> Aadesh.

### Grants for Meetups:

- OSGEO Oceania.
- HOT submit.

### Open Mic:

- Official logo of OSGEO NEPAL —> Gaurav.
- OSGEO ready to fund if any collaborations with GoN.

### Note-Taking Volunteer:

- Ayush Adhikari.

### Next Month Facilitator:

- Aadesh.
